I had the scariest dream last night oh
my god people with knives everywhere
anyway it's funny that I'm making this
productive day in the life right now
because back in February when quarantine
first started my productivity was just
slumping but I feel like in the past two
months I've literally doubled my
productivity and I'm able to do the
previous amount of work in literally
half the time all right let's get into
I'm gonna skip the boring stuff like
brush my teeth in itself I'm gonna do it
but I'm not gonna film it which black
t-shirt should I wear today oh wait
they're all the same
nice I wouldn't call myself a minimalist
I mean like minimalist probably wouldn't
wear yellow but I call myself an
optimization list I'm trying to improve
on every area of my life all the time so
why I wear black t-shirts is because it
gets rid of like a decision fatigue so
in the morning you know exactly where
you're gonna wear and also black
t-shirts look good man look good
[Music]
all right right now it's about 9 o clock
usually it be about 8:30 because I was
filming this vlog I'm a little bit
delayed you might morning routine but
that's okay since I got this fitness
tracker recently I've been getting a
thing called sleep score and sleepy is
one of the most important things to
being productive it's like if you did a
good night's sleep you just want to do
things if you don't you just want to
sleep more
this helps me gauge like how productive
I will be I've only been using it for
like a couple days but it's been pretty
hectic so firing in terms of gauging my
feelings in the morning what rhymes with
you
basement beam board recently I've been
getting to writing raps because I think
it will improve my creativity and the
way I speak in front of the camera so
every morning when I just drink my
coffee I get a little creative for five
minutes this is what I got today
you want here comment below if you are
here rising right and every day I wake
up cuz I'm glad to the haters holding
their tea cup I'm not finna do what I
always knew I shipped her soon cuz screw
you
what you think pretty interesting stuff
right so right now give me a little
fresh area and while I'm at it I'm gonna
film some b-roll for this vlog right
here
wow this aerial footage looks so nice
especially the weather today in our
whole apartment reverie little minds we
have to know that when we die we die
with some meat is some purpose in this
world all right time to start work right
now I'm doing some research for the
campus crow challenge I'm filming with
Yale students I'm very excited for that
so I gotta get some questions in
all right here we go okay hello everyone
welcome to the second episode of the
campus Grouch allenge yo'ii
trivia edition and the winners from this
challenge will face off against the
winners from the harvard university
challenge all right I just finished
filming for a campus girl challenge
episode two and right now I was actually
just doing a little quick journal entry
over here because I realize the video
wasn't as good as it could have been and
that's mostly my fault and that's what
I'm reflecting on here because it's a
pretty deep lesson so I should have
started preparing for this at least two
days in advance but I ended up writing
the questions like an hour before our
meeting I feel like as a host it's my
job to keep the conversation flowing but
I wasn't doing that very well okay you
live and you learn and that's what my
journal entries are for because every
day I'm learning new things and trying
to improve anyway time for lunch
alright it's uh it was quite a stressful
morning I would say
in quite a time rush because I was
filming this one but the afternoon will
be way better so let me finish this and
we'll probably have to film another
video okay now I'm gonna do a little bit
of content research because I want to
make a studio office tour today and
taking my lesson from the morning
I gotta prepare more for that so after
that I'll film the tour and then I have
something very exciting planned so stick
around for that alright my friend just
showed up she delivers some presents for
my sister because she was cleaning out
her room and she's like I found all
these like little goodies and stuff that
I've never used and I'm never gonna use
and she was just passing by over there
and she's like I just give it to your
little sister so very grateful for that
what I'm more excited for is the fact
she's gonna let me test drive her Tesla
alright I was gonna test drive one but
the whole like pandemic thing happened
so I never got the chance that Tesla was
so much fun anyway there's no change of
plan of what I'm doing so like right now
I was researching for the video I was
gonna make today which is gonna be a
desk set up to her but I feel like I
need a little bit of time to plan out
the shots and like kind of set up my
studio so
instead of filming this video today I'll
probably write out the script for this
video and if you look that's my content
plan for the week so basically I'll just
script out more videos from that
calendar I'm gonna work for a little bit
then I'm gonna go work out dinner and
finish working time for a quick workout
I'm gonna do a cardio workout today the
thing with like the fitness tracker I
but it comes with a fitness app so I
just been following that recently today
we're gonna do a hit cardio and strength
workout
in place
[Music]
lift your knee to the same height on
each side push-ups be formless shapeless
like water okay just gonna finish off
with that little back stretch cuz I've
been sitting all day and that's not good
for back pain this is like one of those
items I saw on Instagram for
dropshipping I bought it came two months
later I bought this at the start of
Cordy I just got another day feels so
much more vibrant and alive I love it
it's what exercise does for you makes me
feel energetic makes me feel powerful
ready to attack the world so right now
I've got like an hour before dinner I'm
gonna finish up some work and then after
dinner probably just gonna take it easy
we'll see
it is currently 759 p.m. and before I
close off the day I'm going to do one
more thing and this is actually the key
to me being more productive and the key
being motivated is every day before I
close off the day I do something a
little weird I talked to myself on my
iPad so what I talk about is I asked
myself where did I win today
so today was extremely productive I woke
up at 8 I filmed this video right here I
filmed the campus crawl challenge I
scripted 2 videos in the afternoon did a
workout and I test drove a Tesla and
also I give myself some points of
improvement like I said previously in
the day also when you're an entrepreneur
starting your own business or stuck at
home it's really lonely so having
someone to talk to that understands you
is really hard to find I mean ideally
you'd have a quarantine but talking to
yourself will do - so I do that and then
I do my to-do list and I check it off
and basically I'm done for the day and
as you can see a productive day in the
life doesn't really mean it's flashy
it's literally just a series of set
routines that I've implemented over the
past two months that are gonna help me
to be productive yeah tell me what you
think about this vlog type of video do
you like it drop a like most importantly
you know make that button turn blue help
us ranking the YouTube algorithm get us
up there to a hundred K we're heading
that soon we grew 10,000 subscribers in
the last 28 days so 100 K is along the
horizon boys alright stay productive
stay awesome and dare to dream my name
is have a go I'll see you in the next
video peace